1.) What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
     When you initialize a repository you create a .git folder that holds the
     metadata about your git repo.  This is necessary so that you can have all
     the information that you get when you run git log/status/etc...  It is
     also probably needed for showing the correct file state when you change
     from one commit to a previous one.

 2.) How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
 	 repository? What value do you think it offers?
 	  The working directory is really just the directory on your computer.
 	  Though the the contents that you asked not to see may not appear.  
 	  The staging directory is where you will put things that you want in 
 	  your next commit.  This will be a subset of the working directory 
 	  with files of your choosing present.  This allows you to put files 
 	  together in commits that are idealogically similar.  This will make it
 	  easier to look through your commits when you do git log.

3.)  How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
     logical change?
      The Staging Area acts as a place to put stuff that you modified that
      you want to put in a logical commit.  When you have committed what is
      there you can Add more things to the Staging Area if there is more 
      from the Working Directory you want to commit as another logical change.

4.) What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
	history organized? How would branches help?
     Branches would be good for refactorings, or exploratory changes to code
     that you are not sure that you want to add to the master code.
     Branches help in that by by allowing you to diverge from the master
     code and not lose the working code if you need to quickly go back
     to a working state.

5.) How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	 The diagrams along with the ids and names help you to know what your
	 tree looks like.  That way you can know what you were doing where and
	 if the commits you want are in the branch you are now on.

6.) What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent 
    it in the diagram the way we do? 
     Merging 2 branches together makes a new commit that is a union of the two
     branch tips and their common parent.  If the branch has not really
     split off from master's original location, then it is just fast forwarded
     to the new position.  The branching in the diagram matches the branching
     in the file system.

 7.) What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing 
     merges manually?
      The automatic merging using both ends of the branches and the common
      ancestor is great and takes away a lot of thinking that would have to go
      into merging.  However, when there is a conflict in particular files you
      have to merge manually.  This is actually good since you probably 
      modified the same code as another person and have to hatch out among
      yourselves what the correct course of action is.  There is no way the
      computer could do it since it would not know what the overall intention
      of the files under management are.

8.) 






