1.) When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keep all 
    the work local?
     Having a remote repository would be better for collaboration.  It 
     gives you somewhere everyone can get to and you have a backup of
     your project.  So if your computer has a mishap you will not 
     lose data.

 2.) Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git 
     automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
      You could introduce changes that are from another developer.  But, they 
      are not compatible with what you have on your machine.  It is better to 
      pull when you are ready.  Maybe you have all the things you want in your
      code committed so that if you accidentally overwrite something you can 
      return to an unmodified state.

 3.) Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would 
     you use one instead of another?
      A Branch is something that happens on your computer.  You create a 
      different path for new commits and you name it for future reference.
      A Clone is when you copy a project and all it's history from GitHub, or
      another directory.
      A Fork is a Clone on GitHub of someone else's project that contains
      references to the original project for attribution.  After you've 
      created your fork you can clone it and work on it without interacting
      with or bothering the creator.  At least until you want to contribute
      to the project.

4.)  What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the 
     remote stored locally?
      So I am working with 1 consistent state of the repository.  If I had to
      download the remote branch I may have a problem if I am not somewhere I
      have internet access.  This way the next time I have internet I can do
      a FETCH->MERGE, or just a PULL OM to merge all the changes since I left.

      If I didn't have all the remote branches I would not have a proper 
      snapshot of the whole project at that particular point in time.

5.)  How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be 
     easier, and what would be harder?
      Without GitHub, collaborating would have to be done by email.  This 
      could be done, but, it would not be located in one location.  Having
      a central location that just has to do with the project that you are 
      working on makes it a lot more convenient.  All that you are doing 
      concerning the state of the project is on GitHub.  No searching around
      for emails from different people.

6.)  




     
